---
layout: post
title:  "Who am I?"
date:   2017-07-19 00:30:00 +0200
categories: me
---
Going to ***university was for me*** what for a tribe that lives in a small island is to go to New York. I found out I wasn't the center of the world.

It was ***so heartbreaking*** at first because I was now surrounded by the elite, which after a couple exams made me realize I wasn't the cleverest guy anymore. ***That was worst than your girlfriend cheating on you, it was life cheating on me for 17 years! :cold_sweat:***

I started to learn proper maths and physics, and yes, I did enjoy the process of learning, but ***I was very lonely on my way to being an Aerospace Engineer.***

***Quickly though came my first friends***, and they weren't like anything I had before. I'm ***not saying I had no friends at school***, I did and they are still my friends, but I don't see them very often because I'm usually working on my projects (and that's what I want to be doing). ***But this friends were different***, not in every sense better, but trully different and probably more appropiate for this period of life that I was going through.

The majority of them had gone through the same kind of scholar life that I had, which meant that we undestood each other perfectly.

We had very deep conversations. We would speak about how I conceive human relations and they would understard me, and even if we didn't agree on something, nothing was left unjustified. Wow, ***I was feeling very rich back then***. The fisherman from the island didn't have to speak to the fishes about his ideas because he was alone fishing, now the other fishermans were willing to talk and understood him.

After half a year of university I had ***two friends that changed my life radically*** in very different ways, but both were very inspiring.

:one: ***The first one*** I'd like to talk about ***was one of the quietest guys in my class***. We once did a 4 people study group at my house and he came earlier. We didn't know each other very well but we managed to have a lot of fun studying. It started there, but we kept meeting regularly for studying, going for a run in the mornings, watching films and degustating craft and imported beers. In a philosophical sense, ***I'm not sure I've ever met anybody that connects with me that way again***.
We do have our differences but this makes it even better.
But we aim for very different lifestyles, and here is were the other friend comes in.

:two: ***The second one*** I'd like to talk about, Héctor Anadón, ***was one of the loudest guys in my class***. The kind of guy who always tells the teacher he's wrong whenever he thinks there's a mistake in a lectures slide. Yes, I know, exactly the kind of guy you hated. Well, he didn't want to be pedantic, he just couldn't tollerate a mistake. I met him because ***he was building a 3D printer from zero and I wanted to build one too***. We didn't meet regularly nor speaked with frequence, but when we both had a 3D printer we would sometimes speak about the possibilities of this technology and how expensive 3D printing services were at that time.

This might, and actually is, sound crazy, but just after finishing springs final exams we spent an hour on the phone and decided that ***we would start a business offering 3D printer services with 3D printers that we would build ourselves***. Not only that, but we also decided that we would start studying a Business degree at the same time we did Aerospace Engineering. ***WTF was I thinking :scream: !!!***

I had just turned 18 that year. :birthday:

***The roller coaster of events starts here***, with the constitution of our company, and hasn't ended yet. I hope you enjoy what comes after.
